{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17360\viewh12900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I\'92m hoping to build a website with information about ride wait times in various theme parks. It\'92s often frustrating dealing with many park-specific apps, which often don\'92t have accurate information anyway. Having a responsive webpage for this topic that could be used at many different parks would be really helpful. Likely this dataset would only apply to thrill rides as they often have the longest queues. An API will be required to populate this information.\
\
My last visit to a theme park I didn\'92t have any information available because I wasn\'92t willing to download yet another app to my phone. I ended up just taking a photo of one of the map boards and giving up on planning efficiently. When I saw others doing the same thing, it seemed like this wasn\'92t an isolated problem. I love theme parks and I want to help make them as enjoyable as possible. \
\
The project will obviously have a landing page with some basic information or featured content. I\'92d like to have a gallery of some parks or rides to help draw people in. The park and ride list will probably need to be searchable or organized in an expandable way for browsing. Once the user has found a park they\'92re interested in, wait times for the rides at that park should be displayed graphically. }